Hi guys, in this tutorial I'll show you
how to install Ollama and how we use
Cloud Sonnet 4.6
model
uh offline for free. Okay, let's go.
Okay, first thing's first, go here to
Google Chrome and search for Ollama.
After that, let's go to the Ollama
website as you can see.
Uh
and let's see here hit download.
If you have Mac, you can click this one
and download for the Mac. Linux for us,
we have Windows. Select this one and
download for Windows.
Okay, it's take some time to download
this file. It's 1.8 GB.
Okay, fine. Downloading is finished.
Let's see. Okay, this is my Ollama
setup. Double click right here.
Okay, let's install this Ollama.
Click install and the installation is
beginning.
Okay, fine. The installation of the
Ollama is finished.
Now you can choose one of those models.
For us, we want to choose Cloud
model
to install in Ollama.
Uh okay, you need to
run the command prompt as you can see
right here.
And run as administrator. Click yes.
Okay.
The only thing I want to do is to copy
one of those models. For me, it's Cloud.
Copy and go right here.
And paste this one right here.
And click yes.
Uh okay, as you can see, this is an
error. Uh Cloud not installed. We have
to go right here and install it in
Ollama. How to do that? We have to go
here
and documentation.
And search for
Cloud right here.
Uh this one, Cloud code.
Okay, this is how to install Cloud. The
installation of Cloud for Mac, we have
to copy this one in the terminal. For
the Windows,
the simple thing I want to do is to copy
this one and add to my command prompt
like this.
And hit install.
Okay, we have another error because the
ERM command is not recognized by the
terminal. How to fix this problem? Okay,
you can fix this command because the ERM
is a PowerShell command, not a simple
terminal command. You can fix it by
going right here
PowerShell.
This dash command and make this one
ERM and
and the output, make this one. Now let's
see it works or not.
As you can see, it works fine. You can
fix the problem this problem by
make this command PowerShell dash
command and make your
code from the Ollama.
Uh this one.
Add it right here.
Well, you can copy it directly by
clicking the right here and copy it.
Uh now it's installing the Cloud kit
code and latest
with latest.
It's take some time.
Uh fine. As you can see, the Cloud is
installed successfully in this location.
Uh okay.
Now let's launch it.
Let's go here.
Restart the Ollama first.
Go here and search for our Ollama.
Uh this one.
Okay, let's make it
pin to the taskbar
and launch it.
Okay, Ollama launch Cloud
and this one. Can make it right here.
Not like this.
Paste.
Uh okay. Uh select model for Cloud. You
can use any model from those
to use with the Cloud.
Okay, for the best model for us, I think
this one, Akemi.
You must sign in. Continue with the
Google.
Use any account.
Okay, connected.
Okay, now it's connected to this account
to my Ollama.
But there is a problem.
Okay, let's search for Cloud.
For me, I want
I don't want to use all those models.
I want to use this uh
uh model from the documentation.
This one.
Uh not this this model.
Let's search for Cloud.
A us.
Okay, I want to use this one, Cloud
Sonnet
uh 4.6.
This one.
Okay, how to use this uh Cloud?
Okay, we can run it from it like this.
And let's see it works or not.
Uh where is my
Control C. I close this.
And
restart this one.
And paste
Why it's not work this?
Copy.
Okay, as you can see, it's downloading
this model.
The Cloud Sonnet
4.6.
Okay, as you can see, it works. Now, for
example,
uh okay, guys. You can run it another
time by going here to the command prompt
Ollama run Cloud Sonnet 4.6 reduce it.
As you can see, it runs uh fine. Thank
you guys for watching. Uh
See you later in the next video.